time selection error display
sticky back button
confirmation
pictures
making boxes visible
increase anwar roll size
cart symbol
minimal signout and profile
better popups cards
get rid of vendor dashboard text
vendor analytics
customer analytics
tap change - manual
popular - manual
inc add item text - manual
^^^^^faqs
@/home/hasnat/GIKI/4th sem/HCI/project/warm-order-hub i want you to make the following changes in the project and make sure these changes dont break the flow and the website is working correctly in the end.
while selecting the time for pickup, when you select the time that is befor the fastest, it jsut by default selects the fastest without promting hte user that the time cant be selected or it is wrong. it must display that the time cant be selected or something. also the time for picup msut be a bit more prominent so that the user can clearly see it. too in the 
 card. 

the back button should be sticky like it must go down with the scroll hovering over everything on the menu page when im scrolling thoroung the menu. you can change the color to make it contrast with the rese ofthe page it shouldnt disappear in hte background. 

the vendor must be prompter a are you sure thing that lets the user confirm that they are opening or closing the hotel.

on the home page, the different hotel cards are not not properly differntiatable the boundries are not, iw ant you to give them a 3d affect with shades and stuff.

in the quick order section, i want you to make the  tap to roder button a big bgger and like intuitive that its a button clickable

can you make the actual order in tge cart or checkout bigger , like the row/card that has the orders make it a big bigger.

remove the text from the cart button on the header and change it to an intuitive cart button for a food website.

on the vendor dashboard page, remove the vendor dashboard text adn instead jsut increase the size of hte small text that says raju dhaba and the symbol with that and jsuet put in the place of hte vendor dasboard text withthe same font ssize, also add the text welcome befor ir. so it must say welcome and thne the name of hte dhaba or whatever the hotel is called.

can you improve the vendor open and cosed btton shape like make it a bit 3d with shades and the colors should b green adn red for open adn closed respectively

remove the signout text formt eh header and like when the user clicks on the profile name or photo, it must have a dropdown that says signout but in red.

mathch the popups to the theme ofhte website and make it a bit rounded onteh corners not a rectangle.


